Okay, so let's go ahead
and practice creating a network load balancer.
So let's create a network load balancer right here,
and we're going to call this one DemoNLB.
And so,
we will choose an internet facing load balancer of IPv4.
In terms of network mapping, I will use the VPC I have,
and I will take every availability zone so the three I have.
And as you can see for each AZ, there's a subnet.
And then there is an IPv4 address that is assigned by AWS.
So that means that for each AZ
that you enable for your network load balancer,
you're going to get a fixed IPv4 address.
And in that case, this is going to be assigned by AWS,
but if you had an elastic IP,
you could use an elastic IP address instead
for each specific availability zones.
Okay, next we can attach a security group
to our network load balancer, and this is recommended.
So this is new.
And the way we do it is
that we can create a security group.
I call this one demo-sg-nlb.
And for inbound rules,
we're going to allow anyone on port 80.
So we'll have HTTP from anywhere,
and outbound rules is fine.
So let's create the security group,
and Demo SG for NLB, we have the description.
So we're good.
We're going to now use this demo security group.
So I'm going to refresh this and choose my demo-sg-nlb,
and remove the default, okay?
So the idea is that similarly to application load balancers,
for network load balancers, you also attach a security group
and then this control traffic to your network load balancer.
In terms of listeners and routing,
we're going to have a protocol.
So you can use TCP, TCP_UDP, TLS, or UDP.
We'll use TCP over port 80.
And then we have a target group we should send it to.
So let's create a target group.
And this one is going to be specifically
for a network load balancer.
And so as such, I'm going to choose instances in here,
and the target name is going to be called demo-tg-nlb.
The protocol is going to be TCP on port 80,
because we're using a network load balancer.
And we'll use the VPC as before.
For the health check, we have different options.
So TCP, HTTP, or HTTPS.
But because we have an HTTP application running
on our EC2 instances, we'll use HTTP.
And for the advanced health check settings,
we'll just define the healthy threshold to be two,
and the timeout to be two seconds,
and the interval to be five seconds.
So let's click on Next,
and then we are going to register targets.
So my two available instances,
I'm going to click here to include them
as pending below, and create the target group.
So now that we have created our demo-tg-nlb,
we can go ahead, click on it,
to have it in a different page.
And I'm gonna go into my network balancer,
and refresh this, and select my demo-tg-nlb.
Perfect.
Now let's scroll down,
and we have done the configuration
of our network load balancer.
So let's create this network load balancer
and switch right away to its page.
Now let's wait for it to be provisioned,
and we're good to go.
Okay, so my network load balancer is now active.
And so if I enter the URL in my web browser,
as we can see right now, it doesn't seem to work.
So let's observe the kind
of problems we may have with our load balancer.
So if you look at the target group right now,
and refresh this page,
it looks like my instances are still in the initial phase
of being checked.
So let me come back and see if they're healthy or unhealthy.
And so they are unhealthy,
because they have checks have failed.
So the idea is that if we look at these instances
and we look at the security group of these instances,
we go to Security, and then Security groups.
So let's click on it,
and open up the security group.
And we can see that from the inbound rules,
that we allow SSH from anywhere
and we allow HTTP from this security group,
which is, if you remember, the security group
of our application load balancer.
But we actually need to allow also HTTP traffic
from our network load balancer.
And so we need to click on demo-sg-nlb.
So allow traffic from NLB.
And this was allow traffic from ALB.
And so the idea is that now with this security group rule,
we allow the NLB
to talk to our EC2 instances in our target group,
and therefore,
they should help with passing the health checks.
So now let's just wait a little bit here
to see if that solves our issue.
And yes, as you can see, now my instances are healthy.
So that means
that if I go into my network load balancer now,
it has resolved automatically, and we refresh,
and we get the fact that we get a Hello World
from a specific IP, which is our instance.
And so after a while and refreshing, the IP changes,
so that proves that we are load balancing to two instances.
And that's it.
So we've seen the security groups
of our network load balancer.
It works similarly to the application load balancer,
and how to change our EC2 security group
to really make sure that we also allow traffic
from the NLB and not only the ALB,
which was right here.
Okay, so that's it for this hands-on.
Now what you can do to prevent having some costs is
just delete the load balancer, the DemoNLB,
and optionally, if you wanted to,
you could delete the demo target group,
right here, for the NLB.
And if you wanted to,
you could delete also the security groups of the NLB.
But I don't think that's necessary,
but it's good practice if you wanted to try it out.
Okay, so that's it for this lecture.
I hope you liked it,
and I will see you in the next lecture.